Danny is going to look after the business
while we’re away.
I only scheduled a few small jobs.
I’m sure he can handle it.
It’s our assigned convention,
and I planned as best I could
for us to go together.
But some things
you just can’t see coming.
Hello.
Danny was in a panic.
He got trouble calls
from my two biggest accounts.
It was bad.
I can’t lose their business.
OK, just find the parts,
and I’ll call you back.
This will take all weekend.
You want us to go?
Will you get the program later?
Yeah, and I’ll have to text John
that I can’t be an attendant.
But what will I miss that I can’t get later?
At Hebrews 11:26 it says
Moses “considered the reproach of the Christ
“to be riches greater
than the treasure of Egypt,
for he looked intently
toward the payment of the reward.”
Of what value is being a prince of Egypt
compared with being . . .
Honey?
Honey, what do you think?
Danny?
Yeah.
Here’s what I want you to do for now,
and we’ll pick up the pieces when I get back.